Add instructions for labeling the gateway node to External Network guide (#648)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/quickstart/external/_index.md

subctl deploy-broker --kubeconfig kubeconfig.cluster-a --globalnet
```

#### Label gateway nodes

> When Submariner joins a cluster to the broker via the `subctl join` command, it chooses a node on which to install the 
> gateway. By default, Submariner uses a worker node, but if there are no worker nodes, it does not install a gateway 
> unless a node is explicitly labeled as gateway. Since we are deploying k3s all-in-one nodes, there are no worker nodes, 
> so it is necessary to label the single node as gateway. By default, the node-name is the hostname. In this example, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Submariner joins a cluster to the broker via the `subctl join` command, it chooses a node on which to install the 
gateway by labeling it appropriately. By default, Submariner uses a worker node but, if there are no worker nodes, then no gateway is installed 
unless a node is manually labeled as gateway. Since we are deploying k3s all-in-one nodes, there are no worker nodes, 
so it is necessary to label the single node as gateway. By default, the node name is the hostname. In this example, the 
```

Author: Thanks for the review!  I pushed a change with your suggestions plus a couple of grammatical tweaks.

> nodes, then no gateway is installed unless a node is manually labeled as gateway. Since we are deploying k3s all-in-one 
> nodes, there are no worker nodes, so it is necessary to label the single nodes as gateway. By default, the node name is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nodes, then no gateway is installed unless a node is manually labeled as a gateway. Since we are deploying k3s all-in-one 
nodes, there are no worker nodes, so it is necessary to label the single node as a gateway. By default, the node name is 
```

Author: Done.
